>> Burke Holland: Let's talk
about some refactoring stuff.
Remember when we changed this current
color variable using multiple cursors?
Don't ever do that.
That's a really bad way to try to
rename variables in VS code and
the reason is because how do
you know you got them all?
In fact, how do you know that
there aren't ones in other files that are
referencing the one that you just changed?
Instead, there is a rename refactor
that you can use inside of VS code.
So we've got current color.
Let me zoom out a little bit so
we can get both of them here.
So instead, let's rename if we wanted
to rename the color input here,
what we should do instead is we should
use the rename refactor and that is f2.
So if you press F2 you get this
little thing that drops down and
then we can say,
let's say this is lamp input instead.
Okay, press enter,
and it's going to rename all of
the instances that we've got here.
>> Speaker 2: In the same file?
>> Burke Holland: Yeah, well, bear with me
here, so, let's talk about this scenario
though, where you have multiple files,
because we don't, but
let's create a scenario where we do and
see what that looks like.
So, in this case,
let's say we have class app, and
right now, instead of us initializing
it instead, let's export it.
>> Burke Holland: Okay?
And then let's say we have another
file over here called main.js.
And inside of that,
we're gonna import from the app file,
so we've imported app, and
now we can say newapp.init.
Okay, so let's say we're actually
doing the initialization of
this file in another file.
So now what we have is a reference
to this file from the app file, so
let's go up here to the top and
actually rename this.
So let's say we wanted to
rename this to application.
So what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna grab this here,
I'm gonna highlight it, and
then I'm gonna press F2.
And I'm gonna rename it to application.
And I'm gonna press Enter.
And when I did that, you'll notice
that the main file changed as well.
So if I get over here see how
it got renamed over here.
So it knows if I use the rename refactor
to go find the other instances and
rename them, and I bet you now that I have
changed this, I bet to you it will let us
peak the references here, peak references,
yeah now it sees both of them.
So normally when you have something
like this you can peek references and
you can see all the different places that
it's used inside of your application.
There's a lot of refactoring
tools in vs code.
I'm just showing you the ones that
I think you'll use the most often.
Another one is extract method.
So a lot of times you'll find yourself as
a developer where you've written some code
and then you're like,
I need to use that code again.
And I've now written it twice.
So when that happens, what do we do?
We put it in a method that we can
then call from somewhere else,
because don't repeat yourself.
So for instance, maybe we had this
code here on this adamant, actually,
let's do it on.
Let's do it on here.
We wanna take this code right here and
we're gonna put this in its own method.
So we could copy it out,
create the method, paste it inside, but
a better thing to do is to
highlight it like this.
And then you see a little light bulb over
there on the side, what is telling you is
there's some things you can do here,
and if we press Command or
Control period,
It asks us do you want to extract this
to a method in the inside of this class
application, so it sees the class scope.
And it's offering to extract the method,
we'll say extract method.
And I'm going to call it update color.
Press Enter.
And now we've got an update color and
look it even was smart enough
to bring along the variable.
So these are the refactoring tools that
are available to you inside of VS code
that allow you to be a lot more
productive than if you were trying to
change all these things manually.
>> Speaker 3: So control period then?
>> Burke Holland: Command or
control period brings up the light bulb.
If there are any light bulb commands,
you'll see the little light
bulb out there, to the side.